but hey folks welcome back this teaching
can be specifically dealing with the ICT
running close kill zone
okay London close kills it what ICT
concepts are many years in his module
the importance of time and price alone
then close the London clothes kill then
characteristics of the London clothes
okay so the London clothes is a
particular time of day that usually ends
the opposite end of the daily range the
major pairs usually coupled with a
dollar or ideal for this time of day and
the London clothes frequently sets up an
optimal trade entry pattern that can
offer 10 to 20 pips for a scalp the key
times the monitor are 10 a.m. to noon
New York time this is the ICT London
clothes kill zone as you can see here on
the chart on the right this is a dollar
cad chart you can see the beginning of
the day we had consolidation but in that
consolidation during the asian market we
create the low of the day then after
midnight New York time to market rallies
one-sided all the way up into the time
window that's dylaney between 10:00 a.m.
and noon New York time this is the
London close kill zone you see the daily
high performed exactly within that
little window of time and then pry
subsequently traded the lower into the
close another example here this is the
euro dollar just to show you how did
london clothes encapsulate s-- the daily
range okay we have the agent range in
here the high created during the asian
market actually treated this pair and
this is a very similar chart we've used
in this series so far but the high forms
in asia
then after New York midnight time we had
a high form again and London high New
York session high and then the low of
the day forms exactly at the parameters
between 10:00 a.m. and noon New York
time
this is the ICT London close killzone
market rates higher off that window of
time and then goes into the close but on
the close kill then if we study this
portion of the day the price action seen
at London closed typically sees a
retracement off the high of the day on
bullish days and off the low one the day
that is seen bearish there's typically a
five-minute optimal trade entry setup in
these conditions but they're very
important to remember this they're very
very short-term in nature so the moves
aren't a lot they're not like the
equivalent of like a London open or in
New York open it's typically going to be
very small short-term 10 15 maybe even
20 pips if you get anything more than 20
pips it's going to be it's going to be a
rarity for that to occur but you can see
it as an example here the Aussie dollar
we have the ICT London close kills on in
here and the market creates the low of
the day as we would expect then it gives
us an optimal trade entry long and
trades higher now this gives us a rather
easy 20 pips in here on this particular
day there they won't always look like
this but it's important to see how the
daily range is encapsulated the higher
lows generally formed between 10:00
o'clock and noon New York time so for
the sake of note-taking and completeness
if we're bullish and the daily close is
going to be high relative to its opening
in other words it's an up close day the
London close is going to be typically
when the high today is formed between 10
o'clock and noon now there will be times
when that isn't the case but for now if
you use this general rule of thumb it's
going to serve you well okay
characteristics of London close and the
London close can create continuation
points for swings that trade well into
New York afternoon hours that means if
we're bullish overall in the day instead
of creating the
I of the day in bullish markets or
bullish days many times the London
clothes connects to create a
continuation pattern as seen in this
example here on the dollar yen the
market had traded higher initially
during today and then we have a
consolidation but inside the
consolidation we had an optimal trade
entry here this is gonna be on a
5-minute basis okay whenever we're
studying the month and close you have to
be looking at it from a 5-minute
anything higher than that you're not
going to get to detail you need but
awful trade entry long in here it
creates the continuation of the overall
trend and a nice extrapolated move all
the way up to 300 extension and what had
been the direction of the day or week
can change during the London close and
let's take a look at an example here you
can see in this Aussie dollar chart we
can see that a very phenomenon take
place let's zoom in and take a closer
look at what's being shown here this is
a New York and London close overlap so
there's characteristics that's important
for New York session typically what
you'll see is the continuation of what's
seen in London overnight and that would
be if we're bullish in London we would
expect to see New York continuing
continue moving foolishly as well and
then London close
be the high today if we're bearish and
we've seen London bearish then New York
bearish we're really looking for London
close to be the low of the day okay
between 10 o'clock and noon or expect to
see the low of the day form now if there
are times when the market creates a
Princeton side liquidity pool like this
you can clearly see what's I'm going to
reference here but it's the double top
right in here
and we can see how London closes this
particular day creates the high of the
day but also forms a reversal point for
the rest of that day and the next day we
see price move rather aggressively lower
so if we look at all these
characteristics as a whole okay I
started with the intraday even though
some of you may not be interested in day
trading because of your life
circumstances or you just don't have an
appetite for doing it it's beneficial to
understand the engineering of how price
moves from the short-term and then we
can work from that price point higher
into higher time frames it's important
to know these things for entries it's
important to know these things for
managing positions because the
characteristics that been shown in the
create tutorials that I've done thus far
they may seem rather simplistic they may
be rather short in duration you're used
to very long videos from me but the
insights I've given you are very concise
they're very generic but don't let that
simplicity and short-term delivery and
presentation for you there's a lot of
insight that's been shown I've given you
the DNA if you will of how a daily bar
or candle is formed on bullish and
bearish days the times you're going to
be unfruitful using this information is
when we have a Z day where it goes up
and down in quiet consolidation or a
seek and destroy day which is a really
wild choppy up-and-down day where it
doesn't really go anywhere until the
last portion of the day and then it runs
out the stops and no one saw coming so
if you accept the fact that you're going
to have days where you're gonna see a
scenario that may form and you may
believe it's a scenario that may warrant
a entry on your demo account it may not
come to fruition if your study the
things I've given you thus far we went
through the Asian session the London
session the New York session and now
we've completed the daily range with the
London clothes killzone so we have
everything at our disposal in terms of
defining the daily range now that does
not mean daily bias it does not being
long-term direction it just means that
we have been able to define the for
reference points that make up power
three the open the high the low and the
close and what those three phenomenon
take place inside of those four price
points which is the accumulation
manipulation and distribution so
hopefully you found this teaching
insightful you can find more at the
inner circle trader com